Secretary Li, why do you look so listless?
Did you work overtime last night too tired to rest well?
Nope.
Please worry more about my listing
Please don't overdue.
Got it, Mr. Xu
It is better for you to do this yourself.
Taotao, I made you a love lunch
Sorry about your secretary
Looks like you finally figured it out
I just want you to chase Lin Mengqi away
What do you want me to do?
He told you today
Do you want the company to go public within a month?
How do you know?
You are eavesdropping
Who uses that sleazy stuff?
In short, you only need to delay the company's listing for a few days
Even for an hour and a minute
Well, it has been detected that Xu Tao has received a new task.
The company will be rewarded for going public within one month
Gain Invisibility for an Hour a Day
You will receive a reward after stopping him from completing the task
Xu Tao, what's the difference between you and a transparent person now?
Hmm, it's ridiculous to think about it before
You don't have these superpowers right now
What are you?
Am I delaying the listing by two days?
Will he be with me?
This is the agreement between him and Mengqi
As long as the company goes public within a month
Mengqi will marry him
Hey, I don't want Mengqi to fall into the hands of others
You don't want to either
The person next to Xu Tao is not you
Right? If the company goes public within a month
There is no room for manoeuvre
Is it bad for you?
It's just a delay of a few days for the company to go public
It's good for everyone, isn't it?